smells citrusy in here smells really
good well how cool is that you hey
what's up yeah I'm I'm sensitive to
smells did you promise so you're gonna
take me to our day date yeah let's go Oh
how did you even find me
all right this is a part two of our
Ching hua campus tour this one I'll show
you the beauty during the day and less
shaky video this time all right
so yesterday or the other day I showed
you the gene playground which is the
tennis court and the basketball court
it's over there but today I'll just take
you to the main attraction which is the
Ching hua sign and then the second main
attraction is with alcohol which is the
nearest shopping center where everyone
goes to get food
all right doesn't this look beautiful
like you think China is very polluted
but it's actually not that bad when the
weather is nice but when it is really
polluted it's like literally unlivable
like I said one of the days one of the
earlier days from last week the
pollution was like a hundred times worse
than now lay so when you put your hand
out you could like barely see it
yeah but um this video it'll be less
shaky okay because you guys said the
last one was too shaky also you'll be
able to see more things because it's
during the day and but we'll still keep
this one-to-one vibe you know keep this
intimate keep this natural keep this
authentic real and I'll just tell you
stories about my life here tell you
about different tips you should know
before you come and you know just have a
good time together
it's like bonding time quality bonding
time me and you yeah so right now we're
walking the same way we did last time
but it's like a different path walk
slower walk slower and this path I think
is more naturey it's the scenic route
you could say right
[Music]
so many Instagram pictures could be
taken here oh by the way if you haven't
followed me on Instagram it's at half
who go and I post a lot of pictures from
China over there so a lot of you have
been asking me questions - and I answer
all my questions in the DM so if you
have like subset questions you want to
ask me just reach out to me there but
yeah let's uh since we already seen all
this let's take a run to the to the main
building with the main grass field
alright one two three let's go okay
alright so um we stopped a little bit
short I just wanted to show you the gym
real quick cuz I already have been
asking so first this is the giant track
field that I have I think that I should
host you in an event right now I don't
know I'm not sure but it's pretty cool
anyone can just go there for a run it's
pretty much open like 24/7 and I'll show
you the gym real quick this is the main
gym that everyone goes to although I go
to a different one but I'll show you
this one
oh man that's so loud over there
the one I go to is right above the
swimming pool it's actually over there
beside the beside the track and field
but I just go there it's a little bit
smaller but it's way less crowded and
less people and it has fake grass dude
this is like a CrossFit gym that the
fake grass is on and see why I bought it
even though it's more expensive because
it just adds to the aesthetics you know
it's like a boot camp style you feel
like you're training for like a
Wolverine movie or something but I'll
show you the gym over here and by the
way you like the kimono yeah oh wait we
can't go over there it's all grass but
um
so the gym is actually quite far from
it's a gene building
it's not that far it's like a 10-minute
walk but it's not too close either right
and the worst part about this chimney is
it gets really crowded at peak hours and
it smells absolutely horrid
it smells like if you took your old
socks put them in a jar of pickles and
then fermenter that and then ate it and
then puked it up that's what it smells
like but you know sometimes you got to
sacrifice for the gains you know they
say no pain no gain
here is no pain no smelly socks no gains
this way
the entrance is actually a little bit
hard to find it's like underneath
everything it's like first time I kind
of struggle a little bit but since you
guys are getting quality videos where
I'm showing you the whole campus you
won't have to struggle anymore okay
let's put the camera away for a second
while we go yeah a pass here is four
hundred for three months so that's like
almost one semester it's on that bed
right now it's like not peak hours so
it's like perfect so inside the gym is
like a bunch of any places you just come
here do a couple bench press just show
over there just show over there yeah all
right let's get up here and then this
area is like where you can do some
pull-ups and stuff so um yeah I'm not
gonna show you any obviously I don't
even lift or do i I don't know does it
look like a lift comment below
but yeah let's get out of here come on
keep up hey you caught up this time
alright in my home province of Chongqing
there's 30 million people and each year
less than 50 people get into chin-hua
University and yeah so basically this is
where I filmed my intro for the welcome
to Ching hua video how I got into Ching
hua and this is like a whole office
building over here and this area is what
you'll see as soon as you walk into the
Ching hua sign the main gate which is
over there I'll show you come on let's
go I'll show you around
yeah we you actually caught me at the
perfect time because right now Beijing
is blossoming everything is turning
green when I first got here everything
was complete yellow I just wanted to
make sure because my glasses are green
yeah everything is turning green when I
first got here like things were yellow
they look dead lifeless and you just
didn't want to be here but now
everything looks luscious lush green
palatable edible vegan you know all
those good organic yeah we're actually
gonna stop by my my faculty building
called the SEM the school of economics
and management this is where I study
mostly actually No
half of my classes are here half of my
classes are in the building six that we
talked about in the last video and yeah
over here is actually where I did the
the interview video if you ever seen
that the interview with IBM did I hear
back from them yet no but I did email
her and she sent my resume to the
marketing department you know I'm not
actually like looking for that job but
you know it's okay it's okay it's okay
if they replied they reply if they don't
whatever
that's a yam building right there but
right now the wind is blowing the sun is
shining the air is breezing and I am
breathing dr. Seuss 2018 but it smells
really nice it's all nature keep on
going I just want to show you just want
to show you
that's a Ching hua school of economics
and management yeah so now let's take a
run to the main sign all right let's go
oh you're a Z but uh look at this this
is the main gate over here and this is
where everyone and I mean everyone comes
to take a picture so let's do this
I made it into Ching hua university the
Harvard of China right there
oh yeah so this if you visit is where
you'll find the sign where you can take
a picture this is where yeah you can get
the glory of the school without the
worry of this school look at me I'm just
like riving all day but right now we're
gonna go to with alcohol which is the
nearest shopping center where all the
good food and the bars are so come on
let's go we'll take a quick run again oh
man so much running today oh but uh look
at what that is it's a lotus our nearest
biggest grocery shop grocery store so
inside is like a three-story grocery
store and this is basically where you'll
come to get your groceries but you're
probably not gonna get much groceries
since you'll be eating canteens for
almost 90 percent of the time and the
other 10% you'll be eating outside you
won't be doing any cooking here because
we actually don't have anywhere to cook
in the student dorms it's not allowed
but my roommate makes curry so unless
you like curry you I don't know man
I don't know I wouldn't cook it's not
worth it like the time it takes the
effort it takes you have to wash your
dishes you have to buy cookware you
might as well just eat in the cafeteria
it's cheap it tastes decent and if you
want to be healthy I think you can find
like some items are healthy especially
the vegetables they're super cheap
it's like like if you're a vegetarian
here you could actually get a meal for
like three un you get like four
vegetable dishes and some rice it's
pretty good yeah so right now we're
nearing you Center if you look over
there
that is where the biggest shopping
center near here is it's pretty close
it's like a ten minute walk no twenty
minute walk ten minute bus from sagine
it's only two stops and near there
there's a lot of food there's a lot of
bars but the shopping is not that great
I haven't done any shopping there all
the shopping I do here is actually
online it's pretty funny I think it's
just a nice place to chill a lot of
coffee shops to
so yeah
let's walk a little bit faster and we'll
just magically get there soon this is
what crossing the street like a like a
battle you against other people my games
hard' so we made it to it's right across
from the youth center this is where all
the local bars are if you want to stay
close to campus so we got global
warehouse it's like an underground area
we got more over here called sensation
or something and we got some cafes as
well if you want to stay sober stay
alert
drinking is not your thing but I'm sure
when you come here you want to at least
have a couple of drinks right so we got
a mijito machito Mohito mijito mijito
sensation 7-eleven that's honestly the
best bar you buy a beer for five dollars
and then you just drink outside you know
that's how you that's how we do it in
China yeah so
oh and then there's another one called
dopamine over there a lot of these bars
are kind of Korean bars but some of them
are just like legit clubs so I bet just
hop around they're next to each other
well now this is a big moment
we're gonna go to youth center with
alcohol over there and see what life is
like what the recreational life is like
near Chinua it's not that good spoiler
alert
let's go oh man I'm actually so tired
we've been doing too much running yeah
so we got to with alcohol this is it as
you can see it's pretty crowded
and there's a lot of food here there's
shopping here
there's Starbucks here there's some
clothes I got my hair cut here and you
know there's a you can learn English
here you can look at things here and
there's a Dunkin Donuts over there a lot
of coffee shops and you know there's
some good food here and most importantly
there's a dick here that you can always
look at if you get lonely I come here
pretty often over there as you can see
there's actually the international food
area the food courts it's not a food
court they're actual restaurants but
there's all out of food from Japan
Mongolia China different parts so it's
pretty cool some good food there and
over here is a big shopping center but
there's literally nothing in there so go
check it out though
go check it out and over there is where
I got my fresh fade the other day
so in China it's actually not that bad
they have a lot of international
companies that you would recognize such
as Dunkin Donuts or Burger King or
McDonald's and KFC and even Starbucks
and haagen-dazs so you won't feel that
away from home
it's sad that bad that's a let's walk
into the mom let's go this is a pretty
crowded honestly but we'll deal with it
[Music]
we're doing this for you as we're
filming everyone is staring it's okay
that we'll take you inside
all right we made it this is the
shopping center this an Apple store
there's a huawei store
[Music]
but the most the biggest story here is
like a department store called be Hg so
if you want to go shopping you could go
in there but there's not much to buy i
buy most of my things online as I said
on Taobao but at the very top of this
ball there's another food court and this
one actually tastes pretty good it's I
would say it's a little bit better than
the other food court but it's also more
expensive so yeah if you just look up
all the way it's pretty
you know
I'll show you around some stores but I
think that's basically our day date ray
well get we'll get coffee later yeah
yeah you like coffee right okay let's
sit down get some coffee have a chat and
we'll end our day date right there
all right I got you a drink sure so uh
yeah let's uh just chill here for a
little bit have a little conversation so
I'll take a sip - not bad I'll answer
some of your questions so basically you
asked me how do you use YouTube here
like what it what kind of wizardry are
you doing whoa
caching what it's actually pretty good
in your dorm only in your dorm if you
connect to the internet you can access
YouTube and Facebook without any VPN but
otherwise you gotta use VPN so for
Instagram and stuff when you're outside
of your dorm which is most your day you
gotta use a VPN and my school just
provides me a VPN so it's pretty good
that's how I access it
what else I honestly want to thank you
you've been so supportive have all these
videos and you've been watching them
like every single release and coming
back that just wants my heart it gives
me the motivation to make more for you
so I thank you for coming along with me
and going to Chinua University the
Harvard of China together with me and
tell me about yourself
[Music]
I'm only going to know you a little bit
right you know a lot of that mean I
don't know no I don't know a lot about
you so tell me well what kind of other
hobbies or who are your other favorite
youtubers other than me of course who
else do you watch on YouTube because
that can give me inspiration for videos
up to
and you know what that's basically it
I hope you had fun today I sure had fun
and yeah consider subscribing if you
found all these videos helpful fun
entertaining funny inviting welcoming
what what other positive adjectives
uplifting positive beautiful beautiful
videos beautiful beautifully crafted
yeah
consider subscribing if you think any of
my videos but any of those words only
doesn't what consider subscribing drop a
like drop a comment below as I said your
favorite youtubers and what you like
about them and bon jour
Cheers see you next time
boy if you wanna go with not button on a
drum and play one time boy if you wanna
go out with me play one time
[Music]